Add check for API rule validation and fix type for Memcached test data (#2113)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/user-guide.md

	Size int32 `json:"size"`
}
type MemcachedStatus struct {
	// Nodes are the names of the memcached pods 
	// +listType=set  
	Nodes []string `json:"nodes"`
}
```

> **NOTE** To know more about `+listType=set` see : https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kube-openapi/pkg/idl 

Author: Much better :-)

> **NOTE** To know more about `+listType=set` see : https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kube-openapi/pkg/idl 

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Comment directives, such as +listType=set, are necessary for certain situations to avoid API rule violations when generating OpenAPI files. See https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kube-openapi/pkg/idl learn more.
```

> **NOTE:** Comment directives, such as +listType=set, are necessary for certain situations to avoid API rule violations when generating OpenAPI files. See https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kube-openapi/pkg/idl learn more.

Reviewer: Just a couple of minor fixes :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
**NOTE:** Comment directives, such as +listType=set, are necessary in certain situations to avoid API rule violations when generating OpenAPI files. See https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kube-openapi/pkg/idl to learn more.
```
